[ECE] Update JVM heap post-installation reference (#7581)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/ece-jvm.md

Other JVM heap sizes can be left at their defaults.

::::{note}

> There is currently no UI option to change JVM heap sizes after installation. If you need to change them, refer to [our KB article](https://ela.st/change-ece-jvm-heap) for guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently no UI option to change JVM heap sizes after installation. To change them, follow the guidance in the [How to change JVM memory of ECE components](https://ela.st/change-ece-jvm-heap) KB article.
```
